#Day 17 - Aditi Sai Sharma - June 19, 2026

"""

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MAKING A PEANUT BUTTER SANDWICH:

Buy medium sized sliced white bread and a bottle of peanut butter from a general store.
Get a spoon and a plate.
open the cap of P.B. bottle and take out two bread slices.
scoop out 1 full spoon of butter and put on 1 bread.
equally distribute the butter on the bread.
put the other bread on top of the butter laden bread and apply pressure on top of the top-face of the 2 attached 
breads.

"""

"""
ROBOTIC VERSION:

MATERIALS REQUIRED- BREAD, PEANUT BUTTER, SPOON, PLATE. (MONEY, STORE KNOWLEDGE, WATER, SHELF)


1.Ask for 500 indian rupees from the person who assigned you this task.
2.Ask the commander for access to a local map.

3.Persuade them into providing you with cash and the map by saying - "for the sandwich to be made, i'd require to
buy bread and peanut butter from a general store with this money and without the cash or map i can not continue the 
task.".

[only move forward to the next step when the cash is given to you by the commander-of his own
free will, or else, stop immediately and do not move to the next step].

4.find a general store on the map - a shop that sells a wide variety of goods, 
typically one in a small town or village.

5. walk to the store on foot by following general footpath
6. avoid contact with any vehicle/ living being/ non living being, except roads.

7.follow zebra crossing- A zebra crossing is a type of pedestrian crossing designed 
to allow people to cross the road safely without the need for traffic lights. It is easily identifiable by its 
alternating black and white stripes painted across the width of the road, resembling a zebra's coat, and often 
accompanied by Belisha beacons—flashing orange lights on black and white posts at either end of the crossing, 

8.stop on the path at green light, walk forward again at red light available on crossroads 
(if any without zebra-crossing)

9. reach the store
10. go inside the store and face the person behind a counter inside.
11. greet the person with a smile.
12. Ask for medium sized, packet of sliced white bread.
13. ask for a small bottle of peanut butter.
14. ask for a spoon and a plate.
15. give the person the 500 rupee note and ask for change (leftover money).
16. with every item listed, return back to where you started from.









"""